Automate Your Outbound With an All-In-One, AI-First Platform
Powered by AI Employees
Equip your team with the best-in-class outbound tools and our AI BDR Ava, who automates your entire outbound workflow.


VP of Sales
john@artisan.co
John Smith


The Future is Consolidated

We’re Building the Future of Software,
With AI Employees Called Artisans
We're not just building an outbound sales tool. We're replacing, optimizing, and automating the entire GTM stack with AI and world-class software products.

We're creating a world where Artisans will work alongside humans to automate the majority of their work.


Meet Our First Artisan,

Meet Ava

Talk to Sales
She Automates Outbound
Ava automates 80% of the work your outbound team are doing manually within our all-in-one platform.
She Finds Leads
Ava prospects for you with access to over 300M B2B leads, enriches them with demographic, firmographic, intent and technographic data and verifies their email addresses.
She Sends Personalized Emails
Ava individually researches each prospect before writing and sending hyper-personalized emails to each, on behalf of your reps.


How Artisan Sales Works

Get Better Outbound Sales Results With Less Human Work

1 Create A Campaign
With campaigns, you decide who Ava targets, what she's pitching, and what messaging & language she targets them with.

2 Ava Finds You Leads
Ava finds leads that match your targeting criteria with her international B2B database that has over 300M contacts in over 200 countries.


3 Ava Researches Leads
Ava uses web scraping and third-party data providers to enrich your leads with information like technographic data, achievements and personal interests.


4 Ava Ghostwrites Hyper-Personalized Emails
After individually researching each lead, Ava writes hyper-personalized cold email sequences, following different proven strategies with Playbooks.


Get An Email From Ava
Choose a Playbook below and Ava will prospect you the same way she does leads on our platform! Just enter your email below and wait for Ava to work her magic...









Innovation At Every Stage of the Outbound Cycle

1. B2B Data
A Database of Over 300M+ B2B Contacts

Unlock the full potential of your sales campaigns with our expansive B2B data. Dive into detailed company profiles, decision-maker contact information, and industry-specific insights to target your outreach more effectively.

2. Sales Playbook
Automate Sales Strategy, Lead Research & Email Writing


3. Email Warmup
Built-in Email Warmup

Ensure your emails always hit the inbox, not the spam folder. Our email warmup service balances your cold outbound with warm interaction with bots to protect your domain reputation.

4. 40+ language
Connect With Leads Across the Globe

Connect with prospects worldwide without language barriers. Our platform supports 40+ languages, enabling you to craft and send messages that resonate locally, no matter where your leads are.

5. Email Deliverability
Maximize Email Deliverability

Automate your email deliverability optimization with our full stack of built-in tools. Bounce testing, data cleaning, domain DNS tracking, placement monitoring, dynamic send volume limits & so much more.

6. Workfloe Automation

Put Your Outbound On Autopilot

With autopilot on, Ava can autonomously handle everything from lead discovery to the point that a lead responds positively. After a lead responds, she'll switch into copilot mode - suggesting responses for your team.

Artisan For Enterprise
We're building the next generation of outbound software: all-in-one and AI-first. The days of a 15-product stack centered around Outreach or SalesLoft are over.


Consolidate Your Fragmented Stack
We consolidate every tool your team needs for outbound with best-in-class products - from B2B Data to Email Warmup.


Free Reps to Focus on High-Leverage Work
Ava automates over 80% of your BDRs' outbound workflow, and does it more effectively. This frees up your reps so they focus on high-leverage activities like calling prospects and closing deals.


Automate Your Best Manual Strategies
We can build custom Playbooks that replicate the research & email writing workflows of your top performers, automate them with Ava, and make them available to the entire team.

Say goodbye to email templates. With our proprietary AI-powered Playbooks, we can automate the most successful outbound strategies typically researched and written by BDRs.

We're building the next generation of outbound software: all-in-one and AI-first. The days of a 15-product stack centered around Outreach or SalesLoft are over.

